v9.4 changelog (#6825)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/deprecated-features.rst

Removed features in upcoming versions
-------------------------------------

Mattermost Server v9.5.0
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> MySQL v5.7 is at end of life. We recommend all customers to upgrade to at least 8.x. For now, we are logging a warning. From version v9.5 onwards, which is the next Extended Support Release, we will stop supporting v5.7 altogether.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MySQL v5.7 is at end of life. We recommend all customers to upgrade to at least 8.x. For now, we are logging a warning. From Mattermost v9.5, which is the next Extended Support Release, we will stop supporting MySQL v5.7 altogether.
```
